 Tarot Card Interpretation & Meaning - The Chariot   Psychic Revelation   Home Services Products Reviews Reference Miscellaneous Shopping Cart     Tarot Interpretation Major Arcana The Chariot See Also:  Reversed  Live Support Chat    Tarot Card Interpretation & Meaning -  (7) The Chariot Introduction:  The Chariot indicates a lot of energy but not free-for-all energy. It's directed, controlled, and has a goal in mind. When this card appears you are likely to be fairly clear on what your hopes and dreams involve and what you are willing to do to get there. 
 General:  In general this card points to determination and ambition, getting things done, and testing and proving what you've got. This is a sign that you should move forward with whatever you have in mind (and in your heart) and give it your best shot. Remember, though, that you'll need to use both your intellect and your heart, in order to be truly successful.  Work:  In terms of work, it's important not to let small issues get blown out of proportion in your mind. There may be someone who is involved with your work who is (inadvertently or not) working against you. Don't let this get you down, either. Just do the best you can and don't waste time on worrying about the way others perceive your efforts. If you're right (and you probably are) everyone will see this in the end anyway. You should be feeling very "charged up and ready to go." Love:  In terms of love, it's possible that you are tempted to go too far too fast and/or that someone is pressuring you that way. Either way, communicate as best you can about your boundaries and preferences and be honest with yourself about the possibilities. If you aren't interested in a relationship with someone who clearly wants one with you then the kindest thing you can possibly do is to let them know that you just aren't interested. The short term angst this may cause will benefit everyone  in the long run.         Finances:  Finances in general may be going very well. You could be looking into purchasing something to do with transportation - a car, plane tickets to somewhere you have always wanted to go - anything of that nature. Prioritize paying down your debts. You can do it now if you are disciplined.  Health:  On the whole your vitality is very strong now and you should have quite a lot of "get up and go." This is an excellent time to begin or to increase a fitness plan. You may be able to make more progress than you ever thought possible.  Spirituality:  You may travel (even locally) to places that can help increase your spiritual awareness and you will be in a mode where you learn a lot quite quickly about spiritual matters. Don't be afraid to attend seminars and talks on spiritual subjects that seem unfamiliar to you or outside your usual mode of learning. You can benefit in ways that you cannot currently imagine if you do try these new things. This can be a very profound time for you.         Previous  |  Next  |  Join Amazon Prime - Listen to Over a Million Songs - Start Free Trial Now Contact Us  |  Help & FAQ  |  Site Map  | © Psychic Revelation
